[WIP] Improve Brigadier Documentation (#507)
PaperMC/docs: docs/paper/dev/api/command-api/arguments/bukkit-arguments.mdx

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this should be named "Bukkit Arguments", we're in the Paper API age

Author: I mean, it is still under the `org.bukkit` package, making most of this still Bukkit API. I could think about renaming them to just API objects or, as you have suggested countless times, Paper API

---
slug: /dev/command-api/arguments/bukkit-arguments

> description: Documentation for the BlockState, ItemStack, and a few more commonly used Bukkit related values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Documentation for arguments handling miscellaneous Paper API values.
```

---

> import BlockStateMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/blockstate.mp4"
> import ItemStackMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/itemstack.mp4"
> import NamespacedKeyMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/namespacedkey.mp4"
> import TimeMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/time.mp4"
> import UuidMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/uuid.mp4"
> import ObjectiveCriteriaMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/objectivecriteria.mp4"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import BlockStateMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/blockstate.mp4";
import ItemStackMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/itemstack.mp4";
import NamespacedKeyMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/namespacedkey.mp4";
import TimeMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/time.mp4";
import UuidMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/uuid.mp4";
import ObjectiveCriteriaMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/objectivecriteria.mp4";
```

# Bukkit Arguments
The arguments described in this section return objects oftentime used in Bukkit API. They don't explicitly require to be from the `org.bukkit` package. An example for a
non-bukkit object described here is the [UUID Argument](#uuid-argument).

## Block State Argument
The block state argument can be used for getting a block type and explicit, associated data.

### Example usage
```java
public static LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> blockStateArgument() {
    return Commands.literal("blockstateargument")
        .then(Commands.argument("arg", ArgumentTypes.blockState())
            .executes(ctx -> {
                final BlockState blockState = ctx.getArgument("arg", BlockState.class);
                
                ctx.getSource().getSender().sendMessage("You specified a " + blockState.getType() + "!");
                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
            }))
        .build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={BlockStateMp4}/>

## ItemStack Argument

> The item stack argument is the way to retrieve an <Javadoc name={'org.bukkit.inventory.ItemStack'}>`ItemStack`</Javadoc> following the same argument format as the vanilla `/give <player> <item> [<amount>]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The item stack argument is the way to retrieve an <Javadoc name={'org.bukkit.inventory.ItemStack'}>`ItemStack`</Javadoc> following the same argument format as the Vanilla `/give <player> <item> [<amount>]`
```
(check the contributing guide)

                }

                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
            }))
        .build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={ItemStackMp4}/>

## Bukkit NamespacedKey Argument
This argument allows the user to provide any artificial (namespaced) key. The return value of this argument is a
<Javadoc name={'org.bukkit.NamespacedKey'}>`NamespacedKey`</Javadoc>, which makes it useful when dealing with Bukkit API.

### Example usage
```java
public static LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> namespacedKeyArgument() {
    return Commands.literal("namespacedkey")
        .then(Commands.argument("key", ArgumentTypes.namespacedKey())
            .executes(ctx -> {
                final NamespacedKey key = ctx.getArgument("key", NamespacedKey.class);

                ctx.getSource().getSender().sendRichMessage("You put in <aqua><key></aqua>!",
                    Placeholder.unparsed("key", key.toString())
                );
                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
            }))
        .build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={NamespacedKeyMp4}/>

## Time Argument

> The time argument allows the user to define a time frame, similar to the vanilla `/time <set|time> <time>` time argument. The user has 4 possible ways of inputting time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time argument allows the user to define a time frame, similar to the Vanilla `/time <set|time> <time>` time argument. The user has 4 possible ways of inputting time:
```

* Just as a number: This resolves to as usual ticks (`/timearg 1` --> 1 tick)
* With a `t` suffix: This also resolves to ticks (`/timearg 1t` --> 1 tick)

> * With a `s` suffix: This resolves as irl seconds, meaning multiplying the first number by 20. (`/timearg 1s` --> 20 ticks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With a `s` suffix: This resolves to seconds, meaning multiplying the first number by 20. (`/timearg 1s` --> 20 ticks)
```

* With a `d` suffix. This resolves as in-game days, meaning multiplying the first number by 24000. (`/timearg 1d` --> 24000 ticks)

> If you choose to use this argument, it is advised to explain to the users what these suffixes mean, as here irl time (`s` suffix) is mixed with in-game time (`t` and `d` suffix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to use this argument, it is advised to explain to the users what these suffixes mean, as real time (`s` suffix) is mixed with in-game time (`t` and `d` suffix).
```

The `ArgumentType.time()` method has one additional overload: `ArgumentType.time(float mintime)`. This allows to set the minimum required amount of time. By default, this value
is set to 0.

### Example usage
```java
public static LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> timeArgument() {
    return Commands.literal("timearg")
        .then(Commands.argument("time", ArgumentTypes.time())
            .executes(ctx -> {
                final int timeInTicks = ctx.getArgument("time", int.class);

                if (ctx.getSource().getExecutor() instanceof Player player) {
                    player.getWorld().setFullTime(player.getWorld().getFullTime() + timeInTicks);
                    player.sendRichMessage("Moved time forward by " + timeInTicks + " ticks!");
                }
                else {
                    ctx.getSource().getSender().sendMessage("This argument requires a player!");
                }

                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
            })
        ).build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={TimeMp4}/>

## UUID Argument

> The uuid argument allows the user to input a valid uuid. You can retrieve that value as a `UUID` object, which is used in various places, like `Bukkit.getOfflinePlayer(UUID)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UUID argument allows the user to input a valid UUID. You can retrieve that value as a `UUID` object, which is used in various places, like `Bukkit.getOfflinePlayer(UUID)`.
```

This argument is not very user-friendly, which is why it is suggested to only use this as a moderation or debug argument. For user input regarding offline player
retrieval, the [player profiles argument](./entity-player-arguments#player-profiles-argument) is preferred, as it allows by-name lookup.

### Example usage - Lookup command
```java
public static LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> uuidArgument() {
    return Commands.literal("uuid-lookup")
        .then(Commands.argument("uuid", ArgumentTypes.uuid())
            .executes(ctx -> {
                final UUID uuid = ctx.getArgument("uuid", UUID.class);
                final OfflinePlayer result = Bukkit.getOfflinePlayer(uuid);

                ctx.getSource().getSender().sendRichMessage("Has <aqua><uuid></aqua> played before: <result>",
                    Placeholder.unparsed("uuid", uuid.toString()),
                    Placeholder.parsed("result", result.hasPlayedBefore() ? "<green>true</green>" : "<red>false</red>")
                );

                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
            })
        ).build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={UuidMp4}/>

## Objective Criteria Argument

> You can retrieve the argument value as a `Criteria` enum value, which can be used with Scoreboard objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve the argument value as a `Criteria` enum value, which can be used with `Scoreboard` objects.
```
